[THEME MUSIC]
>>DANIEL SHEEHAN: It
made it clear that there
was something going on.
There was an uptick in the
appearance of the UFOs.
This needed to be shared
with the people of the world,
because this was an
extraordinary phenomenon going
on here.
We have to start preparing
for an ever increasing event.
I've interviewed
people who profess
quite credibly to have
actually been present when
an ET was being interviewed.
These are two of the
most important events
that have ever happened
in the entire history
of our human family.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: And they don't
appear to be unrelated.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: We have to develop
a new paradigm human worldview.
>>REGINA: I'm betting there's
not a person among you who
hasn't heard about the recent
events regarding disclosure
of the existence of
unidentified flying objects,
now called unidentified
aerial phenomena.
It's a lot of the old
players woven together
with some new in a variety
of governmental and military
agencies with the
intent to finally
inform the public of
the presence of visitors
and their technology
to our planet.
Yikes.
OK, Danny Sheehan, I'm so
happy you're here with us.
Because you're counsel for
the people that were involved,
that were behind this and really
stimulated this disclosure
from the Pentagon, you know
more about the nuts and bolts
underneath it than anybody.
And I'm so grateful
to have you back.
Besides, we haven't had
a chance to sit together
for a couple of years.
So welcome.
>>SHEEHAN: I appreciate it.
>>REGINA: And I want to just
start with a couple of things.
First of all, why did they
change it from UFO to UAP?
I mean, is that--
>>SHEEHAN: The they
that's involved--
>>REGINA: Yeah, the they.
>>SHEEHAN: The they that's
involved is the United States
Defense Department.
And what they've
been trying to do
is try to get away from all
of the information about UFOs
that are so closely connected
to extraterrestrial visitations.
They're trying to
sever that connection.
Because there was an element
in the Defense Department
that has been focusing
since at least July of 1947
with the Roswell
crash, is trying
to concentrate on the technology
of the vehicles themselves
to transform them into
weapons systems for us.
So there's been this momentum
inside the Defense Department
to focus on the mechanics
of the whole thing,
to get at the technology to try
to develop it into a weapons
system so they could use it
to the advantage of the United
States and the western
allies in the Cold War.
And so all of that
was operational up
until December 31, of 1991, when
the Soviet Union voluntarily
dissolved with Gorbachev.
And so they've
been really trying
to figure out since that time,
all of western civilization
has been basically trying to
figure out from that time, how
to get reoriented.
And so what's happened
is the Defense Department
itself was trying to figure
out how to reorient itself
from this major confrontation
with the Soviet Union.
Now, into trying to deal with
one of the early writings
that took place right at
the end of the Cold War,
and that was with
Samuel P. Huntington.
Samuel P. Huntington wrote a
major article in the "Foreign
Affairs" magazine,
which is the publication
of the Council on
Foreign Relations,
saying that we had to
reorient ourself now,
that the Cold War
with Russia was over,
and start to prepare for
an ongoing confrontation
with China, the new
rising Asian empire.
>>REGINA: Oh, and so
what does UAP or UFO, how
does that fall into it?
>>SHEEHAN: Well,
what this did is
it generated a whole flux
inside the Defense Department.
Now, what happened, in the
midst of that process going on,
Senator Harry Reid sort of in
preparing for his departure
as the Majority Leader of
the United States Senate
in the Democratic party
managed, along with Senator
Inouye from Hawaii and
Senator Stevens from Texas,
to get this bill passed, a piece
of budget to put $22 million
into the Defense Department.
Now, to try to bring up
to date the UFO issue, OK.
>>REGINA: Now, What.
Was their motivation?
Because you kind of know more.
>>SHEEHAN: Well,
their motivation
is because they believe that
we have to start preparing
for an ever increasing event.
They became aware of
the fact that UFOs
were starting to present
themselves much more regularly
now, much more
conspicuously now.
>>REGINA: Including in China and
Russia and the United States.
>>SHEEHAN: Oh, everywhere,
and our intelligence
was revealing that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: So it made
it clear that there
was something going on.
There was an uptick,
a substantial uptick
in the appearance of the UFOs.
And they were now being able
to be picked up by much more
sophisticated radar.
We had developed an
entire other technology
that people don't
know about now.
But the Central
Intelligence Agency
has set up a thing called the
Electromagnetic Intelligence
Center, so that
they were developing
different forms of
electromagnetic discernment
equipment that was able to track
the electromagnetic signatures
of vehicles, not just radar that
bounce off of them, et cetera.
And they were picking
up a lot of these UFOs
with that new technology.
And so the feedback was
coming back into another group
that you never heard about.
>>REGINA: Who?
>>SHEEHAN: The Geospatial
Intelligence Center.
>>REGINA: You're right, I've
never heard of this one.
Geospatial Intelligence Center.
>>SHEEHAN: Geospatial
Intelligence Center,
which is another major
group that actually houses
the information about Roswell.
What they were attempting
to do in trying
to readjust inside the Defense
Department to the new situation
that they were in, they started
to take a look at the UFO issue
as well to say, what
should we do about this?
And so what they
did is they said,
we're going to start
calling-- we're going to first
have this major secret
program inside the Pentagon,
called the-- and they snuck it
in under the weapons program
planning.
It was originally
came in as a funding
to the strategic
weapons analysis.
And so that's what gave it
this kind of special focus
on how fast do they go?
What are their capabilities?
How can they make these 90
degree turns at 43,000 miles
an hour inside our atmosphere?
How can they pull 600
gs all that stuff.
And so they brought it
in and they said, look,
we're not going
to call them UFOs.
Because if we talk
about these as UFOs
it's going to bring in
all the baggage of all
the extraterrestrial
issues, all the people who
say I've seen the
flying saucers,
I've seen the beings
come out of them.
I've had-- all the way back
to Betty and Barney Hill.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: That whole
other dimension.
They want to get away
from that, and they
want to focus just
on the equipment
itself under the
weapons program.
So that's how Lue
Elizondo got brought
in to this back in 2007.
>>REGINA: OK, now
we need to establish
for everyone who
Lue Elizondo is, how
you became involved with him.
Who Christopher Mellon is, how
>>SHEEHAN: Lue Elizondo
is a long time career
military
counterintelligence officer.
He's the child of Cuban-American
refugees, fled from Cuba back
in 1959 when Castro took over.
He was raised in that whole
element of the alpha 66
in the 2506 brigade, all of
those hardcore anti-communist
groups.
And so he rose up inside
the military as a bona fide
counterintelligence officer.
He ended up being brought in
to this special program that
had been funded by the
special appropriations that
was sponsored by
the three senators.
And he was brought in
originally as a security officer
to maintain the secrecy
of that project,
because they were
extraordinarily
sensitive about this being found
out that they were doing this.
And so he was, for
the first two years,
he was the chief
security officer.
And then he was made
the executive director
of the whole program.
So his responsibility
shifted from just protecting
the secrecy of this
program into working
on the substance of the program.
>>REGINA: What gave
him unique knowledge
to have put him
in that capacity?
>>SHEEHAN: It wasn't clear.
It wasn't clear as to why he
was made the executive director
of it, other than the fact
that he was viewed as extremely
loyal, extremely cognizant of
maintaining secrecy about this.
They trusted him, and
they knew that this
was fraught with
potential exposure.
And so he had a
primary commitment
to the secrecy of this.
But what happened
is that he started
discovering when he got into
the executive director position
that he was being blocked.
He's a true believer.
When he's given an
assignment, he does it.
When he was tasked with finding
out about these UAPs, UFOs,
he did it and started
going after this.
So there were all
kinds of doors that
were being closed
in his face When
he would try to get the
information he couldn't get it.
He would go to a major
officers, general officers
in the different services.
>>REGINA: Is this kind of a
reflection back to Project Blue
Book where Hynek is tasked with
trying to investigate, only
to have doors
slammed in his face
when he found there was
something real to it?
>>SHEEHAN: Well, yes,
yes, very much so.
And this was sort
of a replay of that.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: It's the next
generation of that whole Blue
Book thing.
And so Lue became more and
more frustrated about that,
and was pushing back against
it all within the rules, all
within the security
clearances, trying
to open up those doors
to find out really
what's going on here.
Not only how fast do they fly
and how can they pull 600 gs,
and how can we possibly develop
this into a weapon system.
He was curious about
well, whose are these?
And so he probed into this
thing to find out whether or not
we had really developed
these technologies
through the back
engineering efforts.
Did we have--
>>REGINA: Through more
of our shadow monies.
>>SHEEHAN: The
whole black budget.
>>REGINA: Yes, exactly, yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: Trying to find
out whether we actually
had any of these craft, whether
they were really recovered
or not, that was
all terribly secret.
And he said, look,
if I'm supposed
to be investigating
these things,
and you're not even
revealing to me
whether we have any of these
things, that's ridiculous.
What's going on?
And he came to realize
that what had happened
is that the National Security
State Bureaucracy had
sort of locked down
against these senators who
are the government.
Who said, look, we want to
have a genuine investigation
of what this is all about.
Well, they viewed that as
just sort of a brain flick
of a couple of few senators.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: And so that they
locked down against it,
and they included Lue and
this whole project in that.
So they weren't getting access.
So what Lue ended up
doing is while trying
to get more and more
of this information,
he was in very
close communications
with Christopher Mellon.
Christopher Mellon was
the Assistant Secretary
of Defense for Intelligence.
And you would assume
that the intelligence--
>>REGINA: He should have access.
>>SHEEHAN: He
should have access.
But it turns out he wasn't
being given access either.
And as they went
around and started
talking to a lot of people
inside the government who
should've known, they weren't
being briefed in on this.
And so they became
aware of the fact
that there were doors closing.
So what happened is Lue
submitted these three videos.
The go fast--
>>REGINA: Which proved
the technological aspects
of the story.
>>SHEEHAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: And well proved,
because they're always
saying how come we don't have
any verified videos of these?
Well, there they were.
>>REGINA: There they are.
>>SHEEHAN: There were
verified videos of these.
And he submitted them to
the proper authorities,
and they were declassified.
Now, that's a major question.
>>REGINA: And now why?
>>SHEEHAN: Why in the world
were those declassified?
>>REGINA: And why, because we'd
been having drips since 2017
through the "New York Times."
That seems to be
vehicle of choice.
>>SHEEHAN: Because of those.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK, so when Lue brought
these declassified videos out
and resigned in protest
over the dissembling
and the disinformation that was
being generated by the Defense
Department about what was
known about these vehicles,
he signed a letter
of resignation
to give to General Mattis.
And his superiors refused
to pass his letter on,
refused to allow that to go
to the proper chain of command
and register his protest.
So he left and he brought
these three videos
to the "New York Times."
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: And the "New York
Times" very important step.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: You know I was there.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
remember that morning.
It's like finally.
>>SHEEHAN: Well,
you remember, that I
represented the "New York Times"
in the Pentagon Papers case.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: So I was the one that
got the call from Jim Goodale.
The chief counsel for
the "New York Times"
called me to let us know
that he had the documents,
and then got us to represent
him or the "New York Times"
to get the right to
publish those things.
So I knew that there's
a decision making
process that goes on in
"New York Times" as well.
They don't just publish any
top secret security information
that they get their hands on.
>>REGINA: Of course not.
>>SHEEHAN: They're very
responsible about this.
That was part of
the element that we
had to prove to Judge Gurfein
when we were doing that case.
So not only was there a
decision made by Lue Elizondo,
but he was joined
with Chris Mellon
to make this decision, to bring
this to the "New York Times."
And then there was a decision
made by the "New York Times"
to reveal this.
So that question has
to get answered still.
>>REGINA: Why?
>>SHEEHAN: Why did the "New York
Times" agree to do this now?
>>REGINA: Well, I
mean one assumes,
and certainly the
work of some people
have said they don't do anything
without having essentially
the approval of the intelligence
community of this nature.
They work together.
>>SHEEHAN: But I know
more about that then--
>>REGINA: Tell me.
>>SHEEHAN: --whoever
you're quoting.
>>REGINA: I want you to tell
me, because that's all I know.
>>SHEEHAN: Because
that isn't true.
Those are people who have
reasonable suspicions,
but they don't really
know about that stuff.
And so what they're doing
is they're speculating.
>>REGINA: I want you to
inform us about that,
but can continue on this track.
And then let's talk about that.
>>SHEEHAN: So the bottom
line is that Lue and Chris
Mellon brought out these
videos and gave them
to the "New York Times."
They were published
originally on their internet
on the 16th of December of 2017.
And then on the front
page, above the fold,
as they say on the 17th
of December of 2017.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: And then
all of a sudden,
the people who wait for some
authority to tell them it's OK
to believe something, all
of a sudden said, well,
the "New York Times"
said this is--
>>REGINA: It was a big deal.
>>SHEEHAN: That these are real.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: Then all
of a sudden, there
were all kinds of people who
were saying, wait a second,
I've been being
told by authorities
that I'm not supposed to
believe this for all this time.
Not only that, but
I'll be ridiculed
and I'll be attacked as
being irresponsible if I even
talk about this stuff.
Well, it turns out there
was a full conscious program
operating inside the
Defense Department
and the Central
Intelligence Agency, which
we know about now, that is
proven they had a policy
to attack and destroy the
reputation of anybody who
tried to report these things.
>>REGINA: Of course.
>>SHEEHAN: Which was all part
of the maintenance of secrecy.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: So they could
maintain monopoly control
over this technology.
>>REGINA: So how did this
get declassified and end up
in the "New York Times?"
>>SHEEHAN: Well, that's a
question yet to be answered.
That's a question
yet to be answered.
And I need to know--
>>REGINA: I've been wondering
about it since it happened.
>>SHEEHAN: Well, I've
been wondering about it
since it happened.
But I was wondering, and then I
got contacted by Lue Elizondo.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SHEEHAN: And it
moved from wandering
into being charged with
responsibility for helping
to find out the answers
to these questions, right.
>>REGINA: Now, OK--
>>SHEEHAN: So that's
the situation I'm in.
>>REGINA: Continue
this and I want
to ask you one more question
about he and Christopher
Mellon.
>>SHEEHAN: So the
bottom line is that,
as you know and many
of your listeners know,
that I've been involved
in this particular issue
since I was general counsel
to the United States Jesuit
headquarters in their
National Social Ministry
office in Washington
D.C. for 20 years.
And I got contacted back in
1977 when President Carter was
elected in November of 1976.
>>REGINA: You were a kid.
>>SHEEHAN: And was denied
access to the program.
And so he went through the
Congressional Research Service,
their science and
technology division,
to try to get access to
some of this information.
And I was contacted by
them as Jesuit counsel
to see if I could get access
to the Vatican Library
to get access to what they
knew about UFOs and ETs.
So that's how I became
involved in this to begin with.
And then I was later
contacted by Dr. John Mack,
the head of the Department
of Clinical Psychiatry
at Harvard Medical
School, who published
a book about this extraordinary
phenomenon of people
encountering the occupants
of these vehicles
and going through the
psychological trauma of trying
to adjust to this
super different reality
than they had been living with.
>>REGINA: Which was
a huge leap of faith
for him, because he was
tortured by Harvard after that.
>>SHEEHAN: Oh, yeah.
It was a major event,
went on for 18 months.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: And so I represented
him during that process.
And so then I was
contacted by Dr. Steven
Greer with the Disclosure
Project in 2001.
And I was in charge of vetting
all of the dozens and dozens
and dozens of
potential witnesses
about UFO issues to select
21 of the major people who
would testify in those hearings
at the National Press Club.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: To all the
staffs of the major senators
and congresspeople.
And then I was also
made general counsel
to the 2013 citizens hearings--
>>REGINA: Yes, Stephen Bassett.
>>SHEEHAN: --that
Stephen Bassett
and all the rest of people did.
And so the bottom line is I've
been at this for a long time.
So when Lue Elizondo
reached out and contacted
me to ask me to
represent him, we
had some very important
conversations about that,
as to what the nature
of the representation
would be, what the scope
of it would be, et cetera.
And he, Lue, was
devoted to trying
to get all of the information
that was not legitimately
classified, and was quite
convinced that there was lots
of information that was
not legally classified,
was not legitimately classified,
that this needed to be shared
with the people of the world.
Because this was an
extraordinary phenomenon going
on here.
And he became convinced
that the vast majority
of these sightings were not
some super secret technology
that we had developed to
whatever degree we had,
and there are some
questions about all of that.
But that the vast majority of
these sightings were not that,
and was convinced
they were not Russian,
they were not Chinese, for
two different reasons, three
actually.
One is that if in fact
Russia or China possessed
the technology of this
absolutely extraordinary
nature, they could go
43,000 miles an hour
inside our atmosphere
without burning to a crisp,
they could make 90 degree angle
turns at that speed, which
would generate 600 Gs
of centrifugal force,
and could go under the water
and travel at 200 miles an hour
under the water, if they
had anything like that
and we didn't know
all about it, it
would have been the most
catastrophic intelligence
failure in the history
of the human family.
>>REGINA: And highly
unlikely to boot.
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah, and
secondly, very importantly,
and he told the
Associated Press when
I was sitting there right with
him, he said that moreover,
we in the government
had been monitoring
this exact type of technology
all the way back to 1947,
he said.
And so the idea that China
would have had that when
China, his term, their
means of transportation
were ox carts with stone wheels.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: He said
and Russia in 1947
had just gotten out
of World War Two.
>>REGINA: Just off the farm.
>>SHEEHAN: And they just
lost 20 million people
in World War Two.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>SHEEHAN: And were tearing up
the rail lines that went there
to Europe so they'd have metal.
So this is
preposterous, he said.
>>REGINA: It's preposterous.
>>SHEEHAN: So he
said so given that--
and then Dan Huff of
the "Associated Press"
was kind of stunned
that he was eliminating
those possibilities, right?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: He said,
well what could they be?
And then Lue told
him, he said, well,
the most probable thing
that we were looking at
is that they were
extraterrestrial.
>>REGINA: OK, so
now AP has that.
>>SHEEHAN: And there they were.
>>REGINA: This is recent?
>>SHEEHAN: Yes,
that was on May 4th.
>>REGINA: OK, on May
4th so he said that.
OK, now I want to ask a
couple of things about Lue.
Did Lue have access to other
archival film besides the three
that ended up, the
tick tack and all that?
>>SHEEHAN: Oh, yes.
>>REGINA: I'm assuming he did.
>>REGINA: So now, this is one
of the things that some people
have said, which is why are we
saying we don't know anything
about this when people
certainly at certain levels
of the military
industrial complex
do have an idea of what this is?
Because they've been
looking into it,
they've housed pieces of it,
it not full craft, for decades.
So this seems like there's
a little disjuncture
there between we just
want to know if it's real
and what's going on.
Lue must have already
known this is real.
>>SHEEHAN: Well, now, we have
to exercise some care here.
Because use of the term we,
what we know or what they did,
that one of the things
that we discovered
is that inside the
Defense Department
there is still this
fluid situation where
they haven't really determined
what to do about all this
anymore.
>>REGINA: OK, and I can
see the sensitivity there.
>>SHEEHAN: They had a
very clear idea about it.
We're going to keep
it totally secret.
We're going to lie about it.
We're going to destroy anybody
who tries to report it.
The first thing
we do if any kind
of a major official
inside the military
wants to make a
report of a UFO--
>>REGINA: Discredit
them, take them down.
>>SHEEHAN: We'll
discredit, send them
to get a psychiatric
study, all this stuff.
So there have been
some it's not clear
whether they had
succeeded in coming up
with any kind of a
new protocol for what
to do about this once 2007,
once this study was being
undertaken.
It's perfectly clear
that there were elements
inside the National Security
State infrastructure that
were blocking Lue's study.
>>REGINA: Right,
so tread carefully.
Would you be conservative,
tread carefully.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
So the bottom line
is there's clearly
elements inside the
defense industry
and inside the National
Security State bureaucracy that
are highly reactionary,
are extremely
possessive of the
information that they've got,
are still dedicated to
trying to develop this
into some sort of
a weapon system
to give us massive
superiority so we
can establish full
spectrum dominance
over the whole planet.
And are hoping that
eventually someday they
will be able to get a line of
funding going to the Defense
Department to protect
our whole planet
against an extraterrestrial
civilization.
There's an element inside
the defense industry
and the National Security
State that are into that.
Now, but above that group--
>>REGINA: Let's talk about that.
>>SHEEHAN: Above that
group is some other group
that gets this information.
>>REGINA: Let's talk--
Danny, you talk about this
and the word fascism
comes up, as it should.
People don't understand
what the word fascism means.
They don't understand
the degree to which
we're already in lockstep
with it, and don't know it.
And I would like you to go
back historically, and then
at the end of our conversation,
and we'll get to the day.
What is it, June 25th this year
where the report came out--
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --and underwhelmed
everybody, and why that was.
But let's take a few
minutes to talk about who
these other others are.
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah.
Well, the reality is that our
whole human family has almost
always, since the
dawn of our species,
had certain alpha men and women
who assert kind of leadership,
if not dominion, over the
rest of the community.
And sometimes for better,
sometimes for worse,
they have this kind of
authoritative position
inside the communities.
And some of them use
it wisely, or used it
wisely as authoritative
leaders instead
of authoritarian leaders.
Others distorted it and
became authoritarian.
And that's gone on all
throughout history.
In our particular country, we
are quite proud of the fact
that we threw off the tyranny of
this elite, the royalist class
of people.
And those of us, those are the
people who came to the colonies
and ignored the fact
that there were millions
of Native Indigenous
people here and just
said oh, we found this.
And got the institution of the
church, the Catholic church,
through the doctrine
of discovery
to authorize them to claim
the territory despite there
were all these other
people here, OK.
So there was an elite
European white culture
dominated by the men who
asserted control over all
of these resources, et cetera.
So we know right from
the very beginning
in our country there was this
elitist, racialist minority
that asserted the right to
dominate the vast majority
of people on the continent.
And what happened is
the governing structures
that they set up carried
into continuation some
of the elements of
the royalist class
in Europe, where they had this
elite group of people that
were white male landowners,
large landowners, who ended up
being in the Senate.
And then there was this
House of Representatives
that didn't really
represent the people at all.
Women weren't represented.
Non-white people
weren't represented.
>>REGINA: Landowner white
men were able to vote.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
OK, and they were all
represented by Alexander
Hamilton and the Hamiltonians.
There was this whole element
that were like Tories,
as they referred to them,
that were kind of elitists.
And Alexander Hamilton,
despite the goodwill
he's been generated by the
Broadway play or musical,
was in fact, the lawyer
for these mercantilists
and these merchant class
people, the financial minority.
And they wanted to have a
new government much stronger
than the Articles
of Confederation,
which was just a
confederation or like
a coalition of the 13 colonies.
And the sovereignty resided
in the colonies themselves
all the way from 1776 to
1781, that whole thing went on
until you had the
Articles of Confederation.
But it was the
mercantile class that
wanted to have a much stronger
centralized government,
primarily for the
purposes of benefiting
their commercial activities.
They wanted common
weights and measures.
They wanted common currencies.
They wanted common rules
of trade to take place,
and that was a
lot of the impetus
for the creating of the federal
government on their part.
And they were part
of the Federalists
that wrote the
Federalist Papers,
and that was Alexander
Hamilton in those.
And then there was
this other element
that was led by
Madison, James Madison.
They're known as
the Jeffersonians
because he was more
well-known, but the fact
is that Jefferson and
Madison and Aaron Burr
and those other people
were much more into trying
to maintain a
limited government,
a limited central
government that
didn't have these kind
of plenipotentiary powers
of any kind.
And so there was a tension
right at the very beginning
of our government.
And that went on from 1789, when
they crafted the original three
articles to set up
the legislature,
the executive branch,
and the judicial branch.
And then 1791, when the
Madisonians rose and got
the Bill of Rights put in, which
is infused with the natural law
principles that were
taught to many of them
by John Witherspoon at
the College of New Jersey,
actually.
It became Princeton
University that there
were 39 of the original
Congress people
were all taught by this one man.
And they were steeped in
natural law traditions,
different from
Alexander Hamilton.
And it included not only James
Madison and Aaron Burr, who
you remember, Aaron
Burr is the one
that killed Alexander Hamilton.
>>REGINA: Killed, yes.
>>SHEEHAN: It was the
tension between these two--
>>REGINA: Was so great.
>>SHEEHAN: --elements
was so intense, OK.
So this element has been
there since the beginning,
this elitist group of people.
And when the American
Civil War took place,
at the end of the American Civil
War the elitists won the war.
And they were into a stronger
centralized government
that would serve the interests
of the major mercantilists
and the industrialists,
et cetera.
They suppressed the agrarian
people in the south.
And what happened is from 1868
at the end of the American
Civil War to 1898,
just a 30 year period,
I mean, a period
that just goes back
to when Reagan was president.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: Right, in
that 30 year period there
arose this like 25
to 30 families led
by major hard-charging
alpha males that monopolized
various aspects of our economy.
Took over the
agricultural industry,
took over the shipping lanes,
took over the railroads,
took over the production
of steel and metal,
pharmaceuticals, they
rose into monopolizing
these portions of our society.
>>REGINA: Banking, of course.
>>SHEEHAN: And banking.
And so all of that took
place in a 30 year period,
came to it's full fruition
with McKinley in 1898
with Mark Hanna, who was
his kind of promoter.
And what they did
is they basically
took over the instrumentalities
of the federal government.
And they put them
all at the disposal
of the interests
of this new entity,
this new business entity
called corporation.
The corporations didn't
exist like this until 1872,
into this process.
And what they did is
these mercantilists
that owned these big
monopoly interests
in the areas of the economy
devised this new instrument
by means of which you could
own the shares of a company
and be completely immunized
against any liability
for whatever the company did.
And so then you
would task people
you hired to run
your corporation
to just simply maximize
the profits in any way
that they possibly could.
And they too were
immunized personally
of any liability for
whatever wrongdoing they did.
And only the assets
of the corporation
were subject to
common law lawsuits.
So what you had done is you
created this sinful structure,
right, in 1872 that was the
vehicle of the elite that
actually figured
out how to control
the resources of the country.
And what they did is they took
over all the instrumentalities
of the government.
They started bribing the
United States senators
and congressmen, paying for
their elections, et cetera.
And they've continued
that kind of control--
>>REGINA: Today.
>>SHEEHAN: They continued
that kind of control.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: And they came to
kind of full manifestation
in a private investor
group of these 30 families
that held a chair in a group
called Brown Brothers Harriman.
And the Brown Brothers Harriman
was a private investment group.
They had a staff,
the CEO of which
was George Herbert Walker.
And that sounds familiar
to you because he
was the grandfather of
George Herbert Walker Bush,
and he was the CEO
of that operation.
The lawyer was Allen Dulles, OK.
And the law firm
that represented him
was Sullivan and Cromwell.
And this alliance between
Sullivan and Cromwell,
this major law
firm, Cromwell being
the guy who took over Panama
so they could build the Panama
Canal, again, for the merchants.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: OK, this
whole group basically
seized complete control
virtually over our government,
OK.
And so they ended up drafting
The Versailles Treaty.
They ended up creating
the Union Bank
of New York, which
financed the rise
of the fascists in Germany.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: And it came into it,
that was the first time that
this fascist--
fascism, there's
a major treatise
that was written by
Benito Mussolini on this,
that fascism is a theory
of economic development.
>>REGINA: Right, and this is
what I want you to explain.
People don't understand this.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
It's a--
>>REGINA: It's not
what we relate to.
>>SHEEHAN: It's
not what we think.
We've been subjected to the
propaganda from World War Two
that all the fascists
are these goosestepping
Nazis with the monocle
and saber scar,
and six league boots with
the riding crop and all that.
And these are the
Nazis, they're all
characterized in
movies, et cetera.
But the bottom line is,
fascism is an economic theory
pursuant to which the
owners of industry
and the major
corporations get control
of the instrumentalities
of the government.
And therefore, the
instrumentalities
of the government are put at
the disposal of the interests
of the major corporations.
>>REGINA: Corporations.
>>SHEEHAN: And the short
of it is, what's good
for General Motors is
good for the country.
>>REGINA: Well, John
Perkins, I don't
know if he's the one that
coined the term corporatocracy,
but that is exactly
what fascism is.
>>SHEEHAN: That's
exactly what it is.
>>REGINA: And
that's what we are.
>>SHEEHAN: And that's what had
taken control of the United
States government.
Now, this went on all the
way through World War One.
When World War One broke out
in Europe and the United States
came in and became part of
this thing, up until 1917.
Then in 1918, there was
the Versailles Treaty
that was signed.
People don't know this,
but the Versailles Treaty,
the Versailles Treaty was
supervised by a fellow
by the name of Robert Lansing.
Robert Lansing was the
Secretary of State under Wilson.
son-in-law of John W Foster.
John W Foster was the
grandfather of John Foster
Dulles and Allen Dulles.
This linkage is
extremely powerful,
because Robert Lansing, who
is the Secretary of State
for the United States under
Wilson at the end of World War
One, brought in his two nephews,
John Foster Dulles and Allen
Dulles, to sit with him in the
negotiations of the Versailles
Treaty.
And they drafted into the treaty
the reparations requirements--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: --that they
imposed on Germany.
>>REGINA: Which ended
up in World War Two.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
And what happened, very
importantly, those reparations
were imposed upon Germany.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: And Allen
Dulles, who was
the drafter, along with his
brother John Foster Dulles,
of these provisions was
made the lawyer for Germany
by the American Secretary of
State at the end of the war.
And he was also the attorney
for Brown Brothers Harriman.
So what they did is they
organized a series of loans
from the individual
wealthy families that
were members of Brown
Brothers Harriman
to give loans to Germany to
pay the reparations to pay
to corporations that had been
injured during World War One.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: And so
that what they did
is they took stock in
those companies in Germany.
And what they did,
very importantly,
the CEO of Brown
Brothers Harriman,
who was George Herbert Walker,
stepped out in 1924 as the CEO
and turned it over
to his son-in-law,
who was Prescott Bush.
Prescott Bush became the CEO
for Brown Brothers Harriman.
George Herbert
Walker stepped out,
formed the Union
Bank of New York,
capitalized by the financiers
in the Brown Brothers Harriman,
created that Union
Bank of New York.
Set up a subsidiary in Germany
known as the Bank of Shipping
and Commerce with
this guy Thyssen that
ran that, and
started giving loans
to Germany and to
the Nazi movement.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: They financed
the construction
of the international
headquarters of the Nazi party,
that bank system did.
And they wanted to set
them up as the bulwark
against Bolshevism.
Because what had happened
is, right at the end of War--
>>REGINA: They prefer fascism.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
Because at the end of World
War One, the people in Russia
rose up and threw out the czar.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: Who had been
joined in World War One
and were depleting the
resources of Russia.
So they threw the czar out and
set up a People's Socialist
Republic there.
And Robert Lansing
immediately sent a US
military expeditionary
force into Russia
to try to crush the
Bolsheviks, which people
99.9% of anybody listening
doesn't even know about that.
>>REGINA: No, we don't know.
>>SHEEHAN: They sent in a whole
foreign military expeditionary
force to try to crush
the Russian Revolution
in the cradle.
And that's what started that
hostility toward the west, OK.
And so that thing has been
going on since 1917, October.
There's been this effort on
the part of the elite, who
are represented by the Brown
Brothers Harriman and Sullivan
and Cromwell, the
Union Bank of New York,
and that whole element to crush
the Social Democratic movement
around the world.
>>REGINA: Which happened
in recent elections.
>>SHEEHAN: Oh, that's right.
So what I'm--
>>REGINA: Same thing
is happening again.
>>SHEEHAN: What I'm
saying is historically
what happened is that this
began right after the Treaty
of Versailles, they
were setting up
this fascist set of
governments in Germany
to be the bulwark
against Bolshevism,
as they called it in Europe,
has wedded this elite
to the whole economic
theory of fascism.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: So fascist capitalism
is a lot different than just
a free trade.
It's a lot different than
just entrepreneurial spirit
or free business.
I mean, everybody has
a right if they engage
in bringing some people together
and setting up a business
and making shoes or making cars
or whatever they want to do,
as long as they're willing
to accept responsibility
for anybody they damage.
>>REGINA: Yeah, but not rigging
the entire game in your favor.
>>SHEEHAN: No.
>>REGINA: Without our knowledge.
>>SHEEHAN: And that's
what's happened.
And so what we're saying here is
that that element has been here
since the beginning.
And so what happened is that,
for example, immediately
at the end of World War
Two, for example, when
the G2, the head of
US Army Intelligence
in the Philippines,
Edward Landsdale,
discovered the Japanese had
buried billions-- trillions,
actually, dollars worth
of gold and platinum
and silver and stuff all
through the Philippines,
they uncovered a bunch of it.
And they told Truman about this.
And rather than
turn this over back
to the people who Japan had
stolen it from all through Asia
from 1926 to 1940, that
whole thing, what they did
is they took the gold
12 troughs of it,
which totaled $1.2
trillion, and--
>>REGINA: Those wars are
still going on today.
>>SHEEHAN: --and put it
into a private trust.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: And
MacArthur was told
about this by Ed Landsdale.
And MacArthur sent Landsdale
and MacArthur's G2,
a guy named Charles Willoughby,
sent him to meet with Truman.
And they set up the meeting,
brokered by his chief of staff,
and they met.
And as soon as
they realized what
they had with this $1.2
trillion in gold, what they did
is they didn't tell the
American government about it.
They didn't tell the
American people about it.
What they did is they got two
partners from Brown Brothers
Harriman to become
the trustees for this.
And then they--
>>REGINA: Did that go into black
ops projects from that point?
>>SHEEHAN: Well, the
first thing it did
is start funding
fascists around the world
to defeat the partisans.
The partisans that had
fought in World War Two
in all the different European
countries against the fascists,
the elitists in
the United States
didn't want them to be
elected to be mayors
or governors or anything else.
They wanted those people
out, because most of them
had become social Democrats.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: And the Lincoln
Brigade and that whole crowd.
But what they wanted to do is
they wanted to suppress them.
And they brought Nazis,
fascists, they financed them,
got them new identities,
new names and everything,
and got them elected,
financed their elections
by issuing gold
certificates based
upon this trove of
treasure that they had.
So this elite operation
has been going on.
And what that did is that
represented the model--
now, that's 1945, that
was December 1945.
In July of 1947, less
than two years later,
when they discovered
this crashed
saucer in Roswell,
what they did is
they brought it to Wright
Field, which was a US government
installation.
But what they did
is they established
this other elite group
very similar to what
they call the Anderson Trust.
Two of the trustees for that
were Robert Anderson and Robert
Lovett, both of whom were senior
partners at Brown Brothers
Harriman.
And then John Jay
McCloy was the third guy
that became the head of the new
government of the United States
in Germany.
>>REGINA: So what
did this elite group
do in response to the crash?
>>SHEEHAN: Well,
this is interesting.
So what they've
done, obviously, is
they've taken custody
of this technology
and they've brought
in major corporations,
Lockheed Martin, Boeing, others,
swore them to complete secrecy.
And they've started
making technology
available to them
to try to figure out
how to back engineer the stuff.
They set up these
skunkworks, S4 at Area 51,
Ben Rich and all those people
that ran that operation.
And what they've
been doing is trying
to monopolize this
new technology
and monopolize all
the information
about who the occupants are
and where they come from
and what they're
up to, et cetera.
We don't know yet
the degree to which
they've had any kind of
diplomatic relations with them.
We have different people
who have testified.
I've interviewed people who
profess quite credibly to have
actually been present when
an ET was being interviewed,
and that they have little notes
and stuff from the interview,
talking about what they were
doing, what their purposes were
and all of that.
And so I've seen a lot of that.
And because I know all
about that stuff that's
one of the reasons that
Lue Elizondo reached out
to me to have me represent him.
Because he was really
upset about the fact
that the Defense Department was
continuing to lie about this.
Continued to lie,
say they didn't
have any secret programs.
>>REGINA: So each level
is serving their master?
>>SHEEHAN: Well,
it's interesting.
The topography of
this particular issue
is still to be resolved,
but I'm on the job now.
This is what I did with
the Pentagon Papers stuff.
Karen Silkwood case.
is how we stopped
the construction
of all private nuclear power
plants in the United States.
This is how we did
the Iran-Contra case
to drill down and
find out about Oliver
North and the whole operation.
>>REGINA: You've got
all the boring stuff.
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah.
And that's one of
the reasons why
I did the case that established
the right of journalists
to protect our
confidential news sources,
because that's so
important to be able to get
at this kind of stuff.
So what I'm doing now is
I'm trying to bring together
everyone who has an interest in
knowing what's really going on
with the UFOS.
Everybody who has a
legitimate interest
in knowing who the
occupants are, everybody
who has a legitimate interest
in knowing what their agenda is,
what they're up to here.
Why is it they're not
telling us about themselves?
That's a bit suspicious,
so what's really going on?
And what we have is a community,
the so-called UFO community.
>>REGINA: That is
not a community.
>>SHEEHAN: Well, it's a--
>>REGINA: It is so shattered.
So much in-fighting.
>>SHEEHAN: But the reality--
>>REGINA: Loosely
speaking, they're all
interested in the same thing.
>>SHEEHAN: They're all
interested in the same issues.
And aside from the
turfing and ego problems
that exist in almost any
organization of human beings--
>>REGINA: That's true.
>>SHEEHAN: But the reality is
is that we have been devoted
for 75 years into trying
to convince people
that UFOs were real,
and convince people
that they're extraterrestrial.
And so now we're
right on the brink
of being able to get
that confirmed by what
average people have been
trained to understand
are authoritative sources.
One of which is the Defense
Department, one of which
is the "New York Times."
Another one is "60
Minutes" and CBS.
And so what we're in
the process of doing now
is they're trying to get more
and more authoritative sources
to come in behind Lue
Elizondo and Chris Mellon
and the others, who are
trying to say, look,
the time has come to get our
people of our planet educated
about this.
And we also have
the Catholic church.
Strangely enough,
the Vatican has
issued an official
public statement
saying that in light of
the discovery of more
and more of these
new exoplanets,
the time has now arrived much
sooner than had been previously
anticipated when we are going to
discover the existence of life
elsewhere in the universe.
Now, that was a statement
issued on November 11th of 2009,
some time ago, by Dr.
Jose Gabriel Funes, who
was the director of the
observatory, the Pontifical
Observatory.
I, because of my
previous incarnation
as the legal counsel of
the Jesuit Headquarters
in the Social Ministry
office, I reached out
to him and within 24 hours I was
sitting with him face to face.
And within the
first two minutes he
confirmed to me
that well, we're not
talking about just
discovering single cell
life underneath some frozen lake
on some distant moon somewhere.
We're talking about
another highly intelligent,
highly technologically
developed, but distinctly
non-human species.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: Right here
in our galaxy, OK.
And now that is profound.
And so that we have now
these various institutions,
all of what you see though is
both the Defense Department
and the Catholic
church are trying
to ignore the entire
history of direct contact.
And thousands of people who
have had these contacts,
and who have sat with
the beings and had
these different experiences.
They call them
abduction experiences,
but they've had direct
contact, face-to-face contact.
And all the
institutions are trying
to keep that away
right now, which
means that there is
some combined will
to conceal whatever
it is that's known
about the agenda of the
extraterrestrial civilization.
Because as I've said before,
they could come and just talk
to us and tell us what they're
here for, but they aren't.
And so we have to
be, in my judgment,
we need to be more circumspect
than many of the people who've
been laboring in the
vineyard for 75 years,
those of us who are still
alive at that age, who
have been saying oh look,
let's find out about the UFOs.
Let's prove that they're
extraterrestrial,
and let's all just
assume they're OK.
Let's all assume they're
going to be helpful.
going to be friendly.
And I have every hope in the
world of that being true.
I can absolutely guarantee that.
But what I'm saying is
that we don't know yet.
And what I, as a
lawyer, and having
to prepare cases to
present to a court of law
and to present to a jury, I have
to exercise much greater care
than just assuming
it's what I hold.
>>REGINA: That's true, you
can't speak off the cuff.
>>SHEEHAN: No you can't.
You can't just make it up.
>>REGINA: But most
of people involved,
when you speak with them
privately, will say no,
I'm not assuming these
people are a threat.
We just want to know
what's going on.
When you speak to
others who study more
from an ancient historical
perspective and Indigenous
perspective, they've
always been here.
They've always been a
part of the culture.
They've helped cultures
through difficult times.
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So to presume
that they're dangerous,
that's the bad.
>>SHEEHAN: That's a bad thing.
>>REGINA: That would
be a bad thing.
>>SHEEHAN: That's a bad thing.
That's a bad thing, and that's a
function of a reactionary world
view.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: That's being
trapped in the second chakra.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: And there's all kinds
of members of our human family
who are at differing levels
of conscious evolution.
In that they all react
to the phenomenon
from the particular chakra
that they're rooted in.
And so what we have
to do is we have
to address our people
ourselves to try
to get some sort of a common
collective process underway.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: And that's what the
Catholic church said in 2009.
Because of this,
he said, the time
has now arrived to begin a
very serious conversation
among the citizens of
our planet to ascertain
the answers to the profound
philosophical and theological
questions that are posed to
us now with the discovery
that we are not only
not in the center
of the physical universe,
we are no longer
at the apex of a pyramid of
conscious life in the universe.
The universe does
not exist as a stage
upon which to play out the
drama of the evolution of one
single species in the
universe, from primordial life
up into starfury.
That's not what the
universe is about.
And so what we have to
go through a process
of a diminished sense of our
importance in the universe.
And this is a social
psychological process.
>>REGINA: This is.
>>SHEEHAN: We have to come
to grips with the people who
are afraid of anything new
or different, who attempt
to lash out with violence
and military repression,
of anything like that.
There are a whole series
of factors that we
have to take into account here.
But you have to
keep going forward.
>>REGINA: You do.
>>SHEEHAN: You can't
get stalled out on all
that oh, it's so complex
we can't figure out
what we're doing here.
>>REGINA: No, I agree with you.
And you take that kind of
that's what you're living for.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
>>REGINA: Is to take these
things on and take them forward
to some, not conclusion--
>>SHEEHAN: Resolution.
>>REGINA: Resolution.
>>SHEEHAN: Functional
resolution.
>>REGINA: So now, here you are.
The resolution,
quote, "The resolution
from a public point of
view," happened on June 25,
I believe it was, when the
Pentagon put their statement
out, which was as I called
it a nondisclosure agreement.
You said a nothing sandwich
is what a lot of people felt.
>>SHEEHAN: Nothing burger.
>>REGINA: Nothing burger.
And it felt like
a nothing burger.
Almost nothing was
acknowledged but one thing.
>>SHEEHAN: It didn't, until
you look at it a little more
closely.
If you look at it more closely.
>>REGINA: Well, the only
thing I saw, I saw one thing.
OK, so yeah, we
looked at 144 cases.
We can't explain 143 of them.
Huh?
What, what?
That's the whole story.
Nothing else mattered to me.
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: But to you,
what's actually going on?
>>SHEEHAN: It's interesting.
>>REGINA: Because you're
coming from the inside.
>>SHEEHAN: Well, the most
important thing to understand
is that there's a classified
annex to that report, which
is not 73 pages, but 400 pages.
There's a 400 page classified
annex to that report.
>>REGINA: But yet, when do
we get to hear that one?
>>SHEEHAN: Well
by definition you
don't, unless we start treating
it like the Pentagon Papers.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SHEEHAN: The reason that--
>>REGINA: Are you going
for the gold, Danny?
>>SHEEHAN: Well, the
reason the reason
that we made the decision
at the "New York Times"
to publish all 47 volumes
of the Pentagon Papers
is that we came to a conclusion,
which I was involved in,
that these were not
legitimately classified.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: That this was the use
of the classification process
to conceal wrongdoing and
duplicity and dissembling.
And so what we need
to do is we need
to get a look at these 400
pages to really understand
what percentage of
this is, if it is any,
legitimately classified,
and why that would be.
Which I tend to disagree
with unless you're
looking at how to make a
hydrogen bond or something.
The question is,
what's to be done
if a substantial portion
of that information
is very much in the public
interest to know about.
And that's what Lue
Elizondo and Chris Mellon
and the other people
that have been involved
in this, a lot of them, are
very interested in trying
to discern that right now.
So that's what's happening
at the present time.
I am perceiving the
400 pages as being
something analogous to the 47
volumes of the Pentagon Papers.
I'm the one that was
one of the lawyers that
engaged in the discussions
with Judge Murray Gurfein back
in 1971 over the principles that
are operational in this area.
I've established some
relationships with people
in the "New York Times" to be
able to dialogue with them.
They know who I am and what
role I played at that time.
And so that set of
conversations has got to go on.
So there's a process
that's happening here.
I'm not one that's going to
ground out just in process,
and say oh, well, this is
going to go on forever.
We've got to maintain
the forward thrust
of this process of bringing
this information out.
But we have to
stay focused also.
I'm extraordinarily focused
on this issue of why is it
the extraterrestrial beings
are not revealing themselves
in a different way?
They're quite clearly
revealing themselves--
>>REGINA: Well, many people say
they are revealing themselves.
>>SHEEHAN: They're,
I was going to say,
they're revealing themselves
in a particular way,
and there's this process
that's underway here.
And so those of us who may not
be as on the inside of what all
that's about, we keep saying
well, that's not the right way
to do it.
You should just
come and tell us.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: And
what we need to do
is be more discerning
about that.
So I'll be engaged in
conversations with people
like Cardinal Peter Turkson.
Cardinal Peter Turkson is
the head of the Pontifical
Commission on Social Justice.
There's a whole social justice
dimension to this whole thing.
He's number two to Francis.
Francis is the first Jesuit
who's ever been made a pope,
so we have a certain lines
of communication with him.
I get to stay at the doma
there in Rome when I'm there.
That's where Francis lives.
We have dinner together
in the same room.
We've got some potential
access to that discussion.
We've got access to
the Defense Department
now in representing Lue.
We sit down with the Inspector
General's staff monthly.
>>REGINA: So you're
basically setting
the stage and your place at
the table, along with others,
to move forward to
not become overwhelmed
with the enormity of the task?
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
That's absolutely right.
And this has to be done.
It has to be done
now, because we're--
>>REGINA: Carefully,
responsibly.
>>SHEEHAN: Very
carefully, in the same way
that we're working on the
global climate change problem.
Our office in California is
drafting the California Green
New Deal.
We have a 350 page draft bill.
We have a 50 page summary.
We're in meetings
with John Laird, who's
the top guy in the Senate.
We're meeting with Rob
Rivas in the State Assembly.
We're working on getting the
legislation pushed forward.
We're dealing with
Governor Newsom.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: He's got
his recall going on.
>>REGINA: That's
not going to happen.
>>SHEEHAN: We're trying
to-- that's right.
And we're trying to get
him to establish a climate
emergency in California, because
the place is burning down
around their ears.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
116 in Sacramento on
the road the other day.
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah.
That's right.
>>REGINA: Never seen
anything like it.
>>SHEEHAN: So what
I'm saying is,
that we're dealing we're dealing
with two major events, two
huge major events.
>>REGINA: Huge.
>>SHEEHAN: That the threat
in global climate change
is one of the most catastrophic
events in the history
of our human family.
It's analogous to the
crashing of the asteroid that
wiped out the dinosaurs.
I mean, this is threatening
human civilization itself,
and people are
not aware of that.
No matter how many
times they've been
told the ice caps are melting,
billions of tons of water
every day pouring into the
oceans, and the dissolving
of our ice caps, the
lowering of the salination
levels in the ocean, the
lowering of the density
of the water, threatening to
have the underwater currents,
the warm water currents
rise and dissipate.
I mean, we're looking at
huge planetary catastrophe
coming down the line here.
Some of it is not
even going to be
able to be avoided
this late in the game.
We have to start getting
prepared for that, OK.
At the same time, we have this
major uptick in the visitation
of these UFOs that are coming.
There was an entire carrier
group tasked out in the Pacific
Ocean off Baja, the USS Nimitz,
to monitor these things coming
and going, coming and going.
>>REGINA: Well, and this is not
coincidental I've interviewed
many people over
the last 20 years
who have said they've
had visitations,
and they're always
shown something
of an ecological nature.
Over and over, be aware.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
>>REGINA: Understand
what's happening.
They're always projecting
these pictures into the--
>>SHEEHAN: The
two major warnings
that have been conveyed
consistently, you've
got to get rid of
the nuclear weapons.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: And
private nuclear power.
Because of the rising sea levels
you're going to have dozens
of Fukuyama's.
There's over 200
nuclear power stations
all within one mile of the
sea coast around the world.
I mean, and with the
rising global sea levels--
>>REGINA: You got to back up and
look at the big picture here.
>>SHEEHAN: You've got to
look at the big picture.
So that is going
on at the same time
this major new uptick in these
visitations are going on.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: These are two of
the most important events that
have ever happened in the entire
history of our human family.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: And they don't
appear to be unrelated.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: And so
what we have to do
is move very cautiously
on this, but we
have to move with
expedition on this.
We can't sit around
and twiddle our thumbs
and wait for government to
solve these things for us.
That's why the whole citizens'
initiative is so important.
And Steven Greer has
played a very vital role
in this with his CE5.
Mark Sims is in the process now
of generating this new paradigm
institute, a virtual
new paradigm institute
to gather people together,
the world experts together
to talk about all
of these things
so they don't have to fly them
in and put them up and feed
them all.
This is the--
>>REGINA: Well,
that's one thing COVID
gave us is virtual gatherings.
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah,
well, and Mark is now
financing and putting together
this the virtual new paradigm
institute.
We're going to be able to
bring people to sit actually
literally at a table
together from any place
in the world, come together.
>>REGINA: Well,
you and I were part
of that with something
called the observation deck.
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah, that's right.
>>REGINA: It's amazing
new technology.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
And Mark has just purchased.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yes, amazing.
>>SHEEHAN: And he's
going to gin that up
into a whole new generation.
>>REGINA: That's exciting.
>>SHEEHAN: And we're going
to gather people starting
on the 18th of August
through the 22nd of August,
major players to
bring to the table
to discuss the
philosophical implications,
the theological
implications of this.
What are the
cosmological implications
and the onological implications.
These are all sophisticated
subcomponent elements
of a philosophy.
We have to develop a new
paradigm human worldview.
>>REGINA: We do.
>>SHEEHAN: A new post
contact human worldview
to integrate ourselves
into the greater community.
We have to be
cognizant of the fact
that there are questions that
we don't know the answer to.
Very importantly, we need to
be careful about speculating
wildly about answers, and
then convincing ourselves
that those are true.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: When it's
just a speculation.
We need to figure out what
all the different options are
and explore the probabilities
of each of them,
and try to go forward with a
careful decision tree analysis,
applying Bayes' theorem
to the probabilities
so that we can come to
some logical conclusions
about the next steps
we need to take.
All that's going on now.
We have to stop bickering
among ourselves about this.
We have to have people
not attacking each other.
I know that a lot of
people who have been out
in the wasteland for 50
years are resentful of people
who come from inside the
National Security Bureaucracy
that they haven't
told us earlier,
and they must still be engaged
in some nefarious kind of-- we
have to try to step
back a little bit
and be grown ups about this.
We're not kids in a schoolyard
anymore arguing about who's
going to get the basketball.
We've got to back up.
We've got to join together.
We've got to form a major
coalition, first within the UFO
community, and then with
people that have come out
of the National Security
State Bureaucracy
to evaluate whether or
not they're credible.
I'm playing some role in that.
I believe Lue Elizondo
to be incredible.
I believe Chris to be credible.
I believe Eric Davis
to be credible.
There are some of
these people I'm
starting to encounter now to
determine how credible they
are.
Now a lot of them
have to get over
the habit of being
secretive about--
>>REGINA: Well, they do because
that makes people suspicious.
>>SHEEHAN: Because
that's their life.
It makes people suspicious.
>>REGINA: And you're going to
assign the worst value to them.
>>SHEEHAN: Absolutely right.
And so everybody
has to be grown ups
about understanding
what people believe
or what they think about
things so that there's
a sophisticated
process going on.
But all of this is training.
All of this is
training to qualify
to have direct communication
with the extraterrestrial
beings.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Well, as Larry the
Cable Guy would say,
it's time to put our
big boy underbritches on
and big girl underbritches on.
And it's true, maturity,
we're not there yet.
But I really appreciate
the due diligence
that you bring to
the planet, really,
and constantly pursuing these
values and seeing them through.
Because you're really
oftentimes the glue
that holds us together when so
many parties could fall apart.
So I just thank you for
your lifelong dedication
to this, and to
disclosure itself, no less
the rest of what you've done.
>>SHEEHAN: So far, so good.
>>REGINA: Any final thought
before we sign off here, Danny?
>>SHEEHAN: Just keep
your eye on the skies.
Reach out, try to establish
direct communication
with the extraterrestrial
beings themselves.
You don't have to rely upon
our government institutions
to tell us what's
true, what's not true.
They've got a bad
track record on that.
We've got to find out
the truth ourselves.
>>REGINA: Well, CE group
is a good way to go.
>>SHEEHAN: CE5 is
the right way to go.
>>REGINA: Yeah, CE5.
I've done that.
I've been out there.
>>SHEEHAN: It's the
right way to go.
>>REGINA: And it's
fascinating what I saw.
Oh, wow.
>>SHEEHAN: It's the
right way to go.
>>REGINA: That's the way to go.
Take the responsibility
ourselves.
Put our big boy,
big girl undies on.
OK, thank you so much.
Thank you.
>>SHEEHAN: Terrific.
>>REGINA: So wonderful to
sit with you again, Danny.
>>SHEEHAN: Thank you, Meredith.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: Always a pleasure
having Danny Sheehan with us.
To look deeper into the
mission of Danny's work
you'll find an
illuminating body of work
at newparadigminstitute.org.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.